# docs
This is the official online documentation for TrainABA. Started in 2017 October, TrainABA has a lot of material and the docs may get messy in the process of organizing the overall project. The code here contains ReadTheDocs rst files, licensed GPLv3.

## Plans
B.T. (founder/workhorse) finished his school program recently and has been completing projects rapidly to make up for lost time. The goal for TrainABA is to make it a free and open source software project that can help ABA programmers (trainers, supervisors, learners, technicians, but probably not computer code programmers) build their professional development (training) materials around a framework they can take across companies, platforms, universities, etc. Really, the credentialing board is the one that should do this kind of thing but they are not interested in going that direction. As a result, TrainABA has decided to undertake the effort of building a framework practitioners can actually use, in a way that allows them to sidestep company policies, HIPPAA issues, university policy, and credentialing decisions. It's probably a stupid idea and certainly represents a shamefully misguided application of B.T.'s MBA degree but that's fine. It gives the community some toys, keeps B.T. off the streets, protects material we make for our own community with open source licenses, and steps behavior analysis practitioners an inch or two closer to computer programming (where a lot of us should be, anyway). The plan for this project is for B.T. to write feverishly, documenting detailed technical steps with minimal discussion of philosophy. This will go on for some years until enough writing is done. Then, some well-meaning strangers will see a substantial body of work and contribute. If B.T. has not been headhunted out of the ABA community by then, he'll get a sandwich to celebrate the victory of carrying TrainABA all the way to its first community contributions. 

## Projects
TrainABA books were released in 2015 December 31. He is building Moodle courses on a hosted platform as of October 11, 2017, having stepped into release v1.1.0 of a Segments course for supervisors. B.T. knows how to use these materials, but most people do not. This documentation will serve as a bridge to bring all the TrainABA goodies together with documentation and instructions. This includes the books, LMS courses, SAFMED app, growing video library, audio collection, many hidden things that have not been released yet, and guidelines to tracking supervision using ubiquitous tools. 

If we do this right, everybody can use this stuff and we can share with each other. Licenses will protect the work, keeping creative material intact/credited while generalizable knowledge will remain free.

If we do this wrong, people will think TrainABA is three paperbacks and some seminars B.T. ran with his cat in 2014.
